Title: Introduction to Platform
Description: Contextualization of changes and Service Management

# Introduction to Platform

Be prepared for Change
----------------------

Flexibility, adaptability and preparation for change is what will define the
companies that will survive and the ones that will not exist anymore. Therefore,
whoever goes ahead is not the one who foresees the future, but whoever follows
it.

Some companies have difficulty moving quickly, not only by the number of people
or processes, but also mainly by their motivation, the speed of launching new
products and ideas is very fast because everyone is engaged primarily in the
result.

*Being prepared for the future is being prepared for changes*.

-   Change fast is supporting people to change.

-   Supporting the change in people is changing fast the processes.

If this is the trinomial to Change fast and without pain, what’s the reason for
such difficulty? The main reason is that there is no point in thinking about
processes if these processes do not lead to results and goals. Perhaps processes
are the means, not the end. The end is always the new results. Management by
processes is not enough for this.

Services... Delivering Value
--------------------------

What concept would be most appropriate to deliver value? Have you thought about
the concept of services? You must be thinking:

-   What do you mean?

-   What services have to do with me?

No matter what your field of action; you need to deliver value to someone. In
this new economy, many people understand this value as experience and this
concept is the new way of connecting with the new generation of clients.

A concept of Services:

*"is a product of human activity that satisfies a need. Represents value to
someone".*

Services define goals. It represents in its essence "results" and "achievement
of objectives". It's what everyone is looking for.

It's easy to think of services for end clients, the whole clients experience is
made up of them; however, have you ever heard of corporate services? Perhaps the
term is new, but it is simple, is to put internal areas or departments to
provide results for each other. This changes everything.

With this concept of "corporate services", a larger management or organization
can easily adapt. You think and adapt the new results that will have to be
provided by each department (and general) and then, each department adapts
internally in terms of processes. The focus has been fully adapted, as well as
responsiveness and motivation.

Services Excellency
-------------------

Service management is no longer just for IT. As digitalization spreads across
businesses, it meets the needs of all departments. Service management has
expanded to represent new ways to support business by aligning departments,
eliminating silos, improving resource utilization, automating processes, and
providing better management to all the company, thereby reducing costs.

What worries most companies is setting what separates a good client experience
from a bad one. Today, in the business world, many of the needs of the company
itself tend to overshadow client needs.

CITSmart Corporation believes that the focus of the business should be on the
good client experience and being one-step ahead depends on how you connect the
services and processes.

That´s the new mindset for the new Companies and our CITSmart - Enterprise
Services Platform will help changes those corporates perspective.

!!! tip "About"
    <b>Updated:</b>12/31/2018 - Andre Luiz de Oliveira Fernandes
